# CS-305-16948-M01-Software-Security-2024-C-5-Sep---Oct-
<h3>Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and its software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did the company want you to address? </h3>
<p>Artemis Financial is a financial planning company which produces individualized financial plans for clients. These plans include savings, investments, and insurance. Artemis Financial was seeking to update their software to be more secure, specifically they needed to update the software to protect the client data in storage and secure communications through the public webpage using a checksum verification. </p>
<h3>What did you do well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall well-being? </h3>
<p>I did well at identifying areas of improvement with a manual code review and identifying relevant vulnerabilities and dependencies with the dependency check report. I have taken this class once before and really struggled, but this time around was much better. I learned a lot from my first attempt so working on the assignments this time, I felt everything clicking. I understand now how to read the report effectively, and how to identify false positives in the report. </p>
<h3>Which part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you? </h3>
<p>The dependency check report still gave me some trouble. I struggled to read the descriptions for the dependencies, but as I continued to work through the assignments from module 6 and 7, I was able to understand better. </p>
<h3>How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use? </h3>
<p>The code does not accept input, so I did not need to worry about input validation at this time. The way I added security to this program was to disable HTTP and enable only HTTPS. Additionally, the assignment was to generate a self-signed certificate and generate a checksum using an appropriate cipher algorithm. I was able to create the self-signed certificate and generate a checksum using SHA-256. These three factors help this program to be secure. </p>
<h3>How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities? </h3>
<p>Throughout the process I made sure to regularly test and deal with errors. I ran into an issue with run configurations, and I was struggling to deal with some errors that had popped up but considering the type of assignment I knew that the issue was not in the code itself. I was able to determine that the errors were stemming from the run configuration specifically, because the way to correct the errors was to make changes to the pom.xml file, beyond just upgrading the Spring Boot version and adding the dependency checker and suppressions. After correcting all the errors and refactoring to suppress false positives, I would run a maven clean install and generate a new dependency check report and compare it with the suppressions I had already put in. The cve codes tend to be repeated a few times throughout the report, so I would just add each one as it popped up if it was already in my suppressions file. If any new cve’s popped up in the report I would investigate whether it was relevant to my code, then suppress if appropriate. </p>
<h3>What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks? </h3>
<p>I learned about test-first coding in a previous class and while I did not get to use that here, I think it would be a helpful technique to use in the future. The concept is just to write the tests based on the requirements, then code only enough to pass the tests. Its an iterative process, of course, so as you go on the tests may need to be updated, or new ones added, or existing ones removed. This method helps to ensure that the program is a. meeting the requirements from the client, b. functioning as expected, and c. that the code is not redundant, only what is absolutely necessary is written. </p>
<h3>Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment? </h3>
<p>I feel proud of my project, I would point to my understanding of how to interpret the dependency check report and identify false positives. I am excited to include this in my GitHub page because I want to show how much I have improved, and there is a direct comparison for this project. Even though I know I am not perfect by any means, I know that I have learned a lot since my last attempt at this class, and I have improved my software security skills!</p>

